control RUM ingested volume (#14523)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_ingestion/mechanisms.md

**Note**: Sampled rare traces may be incomplete, because this mechanism occurs downstream of the head-based sampling. There is no way to guarantee that the Agent will receive a complete trace from the tracing libraries.

## Other sources of ingestion volume

### RUM Traces
`ingestion_reason:rum`

> A request from a web or mobile application generates a trace when the backend services are instrumented. Thanks to the [APM integration with Real User Monitoring][5], link your web and mobile application requests to their corresponding backend traces. This combination enables you to see your full frontend and backend data through one lens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A request from a web or mobile application generates a trace when the backend services are instrumented. [The APM integration with Real User Monitoring][5] links web and mobile application requests to their corresponding backend traces so you can see your full frontend and backend data through one lens.
```

> From the RUM browser SDK `v4.10.0`, you are able to control ingested volumes and only keep a share of the backend traces by configure the `tracingSampleRate` initialization parameter. `tracingSampleRate` should be a number between `0` and `100`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in version `4.10.0` of the RUM browser SDK , you can control ingested volumes and keep a sampling of the backend traces by configuring the `tracingSampleRate` initialization parameter.  Set `tracingSampleRate` to a number between `0` and `100`.
```

> By default, 100% of the traces coming from the browser requests are sampled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no `tracingSampleRate` value is set, a default of 100% of the traces coming from the browser requests are sent to Datadog.
```

> Similarly, control the trace sampling rate in other sdks by using similar parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, control the trace sampling rate in other SDKs by using similar parameters:
```

> | sdk         | parameter             | minimum version   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SDK         | Parameter             | Minimum version   |
```

|-------------|-----------------------|-------------------|

> | browser     | `tracingSampleRate`   | [v4.10.0][6]      |
> | ios         | `tracingSamplingRate` | [1.11.0][7]       |
> | android     | `traceSamplingRate`   | [1.13.0][8]       |
> | flutter     | `tracingSamplingRate` | [1.0.0-beta.2][9] |
> | reactnative | `tracingSamplingRate` | [1.0.0-rc6][10]   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Browser     | `tracingSampleRate`   | [v4.10.0][6]      |
| iOS         | `tracingSamplingRate` | [1.11.0][7]       |
| Android     | `traceSamplingRate`   | [1.13.0][8]       |
| Flutter     | `tracingSamplingRate` | [1.0.0-beta.2][9] |
| React Native | `tracingSamplingRate` | [1.0.0-rc6][10]   |
```

> ### Synthetic Traces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Synthetic traces
```

`ingestion_reason:synthetics` and `ingestion_reason:synthetics-browser`

> HTTP and browser tests generate traces when the backend services are instrumented. Thanks to the [APM integration with synthetics][11], link your synthetic tests with the corresponding backend traces. Seamlessly navigate from a test run that potentially failed to the root cause of the issue by looking at the trace generated by that test run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP and browser tests generate traces when the backend services are instrumented. [The APM integration with Synthetic Testing][11] links your synthetic tests with the corresponding backend traces. Navigate from a test run that failed to the root cause of the issue by looking at the trace generated by that test run.
```

> By default, 100% of the HTTP and browser tests generate backend traces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, 100% of synthetic HTTP and browser tests generate backend traces.
```
